#173 - Adding Gumstix RPi CM4 Uprev (#241)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/gumstix-rpi-cm4-uprev.md

---
layout: board
title: "Gumstix Raspberry Pi CM4 Uprev"

> short_description: A board that allows the CM4 to be used on most custom CM3 boards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: A board that allows the CM4 to be used on some CM3 boards.
```

status: production
picture: "/images/board-gumstix-rpi-cm4-uprev.jpg"
github_issue: "https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices/issues/173"
link: https://www.gumstix.com/cm4-uprev.html
videos: []
---

> From Gumstix: *Note, this board is not compatible with CM3Lite or CM4Lite.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Gumstix: *Note, this board is not compatible with CM3Lite.*
```

> The [Gumstix Raspberry Pi CM4 Uprev](https://www.gumstix.com/cm4-uprev.html) board allows the Raspberry Pi CM4 COM to be used on most existing CM3 boards. It includes a power indicator LED and SODIMM edge connection to route the CM4 pin-outs to the CM3's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Gumstix Raspberry Pi CM4 Uprev](https://www.gumstix.com/cm4-uprev.html) board allows the Raspberry Pi CM4 COM to be used on some existing CM3 boards. It includes a power indicator LED and SODIMM edge connection to route the CM4 pin-outs to the CM3's.
```
